Hey, I'm just sharing my thoughts regarding this product that I want to create which is called Amplify am dot p l i f y dot app amplify dot app Okay So what I want is a network where founders or business owners can join in and they can share How they want their product to be amplified like in a summary first of all like layout the product details or service details It can both it can be either product or service and then they can specify how they are seeking help So is this like local marketing? Is this something that that that can be done online like sharing on reddit posts, maybe? Perhaps on Twitter engaging on Twitter, etc. So So this is just the high level that they provide It does not mean that this is all of the help that can be provided to this founder Possible it is totally possible that the founder may have May not know how to market and then we can other founders can suggest new ideas. That's also totally possible So this is the high level overview now to go over some of the details that I've shared in the readme file First of all founders sign up they share their product Then the founders themselves can browse other people's products which have already been listed The founder Has to get to know the product.

This is very important. They have to have a little bit of skin in the game and We'll discuss how to do that later on Then the founder engages about the product basically helping out and then for helping out they get points Okay, so founders fill up a basic bio just like you know, it is expected out of any of these small networks This is a founder focus network business owner focus network We are not asking for you know friends and all those things. We are not posting pictures or anything like that So just basic bio What are your social media accounts and we'll show a feed generated feed of all the help that they have done all the messages All the all the queries may be public queries that they have shared on this product on this app For each product and service like the particulars of product and service We are going to take as much information as it is there on the readme We may expand upon this.

Of course, this has to be well managed in the future to browse products and services Basically, it's the home page itself is the browser We get to list all the products and services But then there are filters because I expect at some point there would be a lot of products and services So we should be able to filter like do I want products only do I want services only do I want them by geography? Do I want local businesses near my near where I live etc, etc Those kind of basic filters and these filters get saved automatically whenever I apply them So filtering is very important because at some point I mean filtering does not have to be expensive now But they'll become more important and more expensive as we grow as there are more products and services Knowing the product know the product or services. This basically means that I Want to let that that the founder whoever wants to help out or the business owner has to help out Who wants to help out has to have a minimum idea of what they are getting into? So if this is an online software, they want to help out with so somebody else's, you know software Then they need to try it out Of course It's totally possible that the software is like paid only or gated somehow then they can do a basic signup and request a message Which means that for each product and service we will need some mechanism For the original founder to say that yes Somebody else can reach out to me and share their email address or username and then I'll give them a free access free trial access for this particular Purpose for amplification purposes. Okay, if it is a local service like let's a restaurant or anything else like a local service provider then They would ideally need to be somewhere in the vicinity to at least be able to Provide like a valuable feedback a valuable like marketing help They could definitely be online like as in like I could be somewhere else in the world and I could help you out Who is probably managing a business in a totally different city? It's totally possible, but then the reviews may not be genuine.

So it in this case, it totally depends on Can the reviews be genuine if we are far apart and if the business is focused solely on a geographic location? We'll have to figure this out. I have not been able to fully think through we'll have to expand on this But knowing the product or the service is extremely important Then we come to the help of the product helping the product or service in this What we do is let's say this service is local say something that exists in a city Then in that case we can really go ahead and leave a review on Google Maps, that's probably fine We can even actually utilize the service for something that we need that would be awesome because then we become a customer So that would be fantastic and then leave a review So any of these combinations great if this is an online platform if this is an online product a software then yes being a customer Is also helpful Reviewing about them is helpful engaging about them on some other Twitter thread is helpful On a reddit thread is helpful. All of these points are all helpful And when we help out in this way We should take a screenshot and then bring it back to this product amplify and then share it directly with the product So inside each product that we want to help out There is going to be a submission form where we can share how we have helped out and that's it the points are automatically given and There is a limitation to how many points you can get how much work you can do per day So it's not that you can do a lot of work per day There is a very strict limit.

But yes the moment you upload your screenshot you immediately get your points unless the original owner Has a dispute original founder or owner has a dispute the points are automatically given to you. So this is like Overall like basic idea of this product. I just wanted to lay it out in my voice notes You
